Something happened to the Dongxing consortium
What's wrong?
After the Dongxing consortium occurred
Now I am talking to its Ma Yun.
President Jiang Tiansu is now seriously injured
Just one breath left
What about Xiaoxue?
Is he ok?
The current situation
I guess Miss Jiang also rushed over
What are you waiting for?
Hurry up and save him
Wang Wei
I'm not mean to you
How dare you betray me!
Jiang Tianshuo, I can't help it either.
This is what Cao Shao meant
What is Cao Yuanhe trying to do?
Father-in-law, I heard that your situation is not very good, right?
You have to take care of yourself.
Prairie River, how dare you hurt me?
You lured me to Hexi Pier
Then engage in a sneak attack from behind
So what if I was?
You promised to marry Jiang Xue to me
Then it changes hands and climbs thousands of homes
You trash wall grass should die
Haha, did you hear it?
Take people's money to eliminate disasters for others
I'm sorry, Jiang Tianhuang, you bastard
If it weren't for Uncle Luo
How can you have a chance to be wild here hahahaha
I'm sorry to disappoint you, miss.
Brother Hai and we have been together for a long time